Add structure for OLS-3 (#230)
open-life-science/open-life-science.github.io: ols-3.md

- Learn how to apply those principles to open leadership and working open in their projects and communities
. Learn how to collect, invite, and tell stories that demonstrate how and why openness benefits the communities they serve
- Give original examples for the types of openness in science
- Design
  - Illustrate the need for a project, its vision, and its goals
  - Embrace and communicate the benefits of Open Science and how to strategically apply different open practices to their work
  - Identify the public resources to share their data
  - Identify the different type of Open Access and associated journals
- Build
  - Start any project with openness in mind from day one
  - Setup a project repository on GitHub using best practices for enabling collaboration
  - Choose and apply open licenses appropriately
- Empower
  - Create and enforce a safe working environment
  - Promote the values of Open Science to empower others to lead and collaborate
  - Include a broad range of contributors in their work
  - Communicate their work and vision in a 2min demo of elevator pitch
- Lead an open project in science

# Timeline

> OLS's second cohort (OLS-3) will be conducted from September 2020 until December 2020.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OLS's third cohort (OLS-3) will be conducted from February to May 2021.
```

    {% assign user = people[username] %}
    {% include _includes/people.html username=username user=user %}
{% endfor %}
</div>
{% endif %}

## Organizers

<div class="people">
{% for entry in metadata.organizers %}
    {% assign username = entry %}
    {% assign user = site.data.people[username] %}
    {% include _includes/people.html user=user username=username %}
{% endfor %}
</div>

{% if all-hosts != '' %}
### Hosts for calls

<div class="people">
{% for entry in p-hosts %}
    {% assign username = entry %}
    {% assign user = people[username] %}
    {% include _includes/people.html username=username user=user %}
{% endfor %}
</div>
{% endif %}

# Collaborators

OLS team have established the following collaborations to support organisation specific projects within the OLS-3 cohort:

## OLS-3 for Turing

Under the collaboration name **OLS-3 for Turing**, Open Life Science has partnered with [_The Turing Way_](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way), a project within the [Tools, Practices and Systems Research Program](https://www.turing.ac.uk/research/research-programmes/tools-practices-and-systems) in [The Alan Turing Institute](https://www.turing.ac.uk/).

> This partnership will offer training and mentoring to interested members from Turing and _The Turing Way_ communities to join the second cohort (OLS-3) individually or in teams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This partnership will offer training and mentoring to interested members from Turing and _The Turing Way_ communities to join the third cohort (OLS-3) individually or in teams.
```
